The world will know real pain.
The fear instilled by that pain would prevent wars.
And the world will be on the road to stability and peace.
But that kind of peace...
It's nothing but a fake!
Humans are not the most intelligent of creatures.
This is the only way that peace can be achieved.
And after several decades,
that pain too will eventually fade with time.
It will no longer be a deterrent
and humanity will begin to battle once more.
This time, they themselves will use the Tailed Beast Weapon
against one another and reconfirm what true pain is.
And then peace will be restored again, for a time.
In the course of this endless cycle of hatred...
Pain will give rise to momentary peace.
That is my dream.
Nagato...try not to push yourself.
You've already spent so much chakra.
Peace is right within our grasp.
What did I really lose that day?
ano hi honto ni ushinatta monotte nan dattakke
For the life of me, I can't remember.
tou ni wasureteshimatta yo
We slowly lost sight of each other in the twilight...
yuugure de futari sukoshizutsu mienakunatteitte
And yet we're stuck here - unable to go home.
sore nanoni bokura kaerezu ni ita
Weak, frail souls lost in the world...
dokoka ni kowaresou na moroi kokoro
We act strong to hide their fragility.
tsuyogaru kotoba de ootte kakushiteru
Hide their fragility... ootte kakushiteru
So farewell, but even forced apart...
sayonara aenakunattatte Our stories go on.
bokura wa tsuzuki ga aru kara
Even in a world without you, I run.
kimi no inai sekai datte hashiru yo
To someday get past the pain.
itsuka no itami mo koete
koete Someday...
Now get this!
I'm absolutely gonna be named the Hokage!
You just watch, everyone!
That boy.
He's... The awful Nine-Tails...
Hey, that topic is taboo.
Nine-Tails? What's the Nine-Tails?
It's something you do not need to know, Lady Hinata.
But...you must not go near that boy.
Naruto...
You argue that my vision of peace is a fake.
But in this cursed world, there is nothing more fictional
than a peace where people can truly understand one another.
But I have faith that
there will come a time when people can truly understand one another.
Pervy Sage believed that the day would come
when people truly understand one another.
You're wrong!
Empty words...
What can you do when you can't even back up your answer?
All you are good for...
-...is giving me the power -...is giving me the power
of the Nine-Tails.
Like I told you earlier...
your death will lead to peace.
Confessions I want to grow up to be a great ninja...
strong like Father and kind like Mother!
Lord Hiashi is very strict
because he has high hopes for you.
One day, you will enter this Academy too, Lady Hinata.
I wonder if I'll make it...
Of course you will. So you must do your best.
That boy...
Lady Hinata, please don't associate with him.
But why?
It's time for your training. Let's go back.
Naruto...
What's wrong, Neji?
That's Lord Jiraiya's Summoning Frog.
What?!
So the real Pain will be at the highest spot,
somewhere near the Leaf Village.
All right, let's search every single site that is at high altitude!
Work in teams with at least two people per cell.
And if you find the real Pain, do not engage him carelessly.
Try to include Sensory-Type ninja in the search teams.
It'll be faster.
All right.
Shikamaru, stay here with Shiho and wait for word from us.
I guess I have no choice since I can't move.
Okay, Katsuyu.
Get word of this to every able survivor in the village.
We'll need their help.
Yes, I understand.
I want to become a great ninja...
strong like Father and kind like Mother.
A great ninja...
strong like Father...
Lady Hinata!
Hey you!
I-I'm sorry!
Hey...she's the Hyuga kid!
Yeah, she's got the eyes!
She must be that Neji's cousin.
She's probably cocky too.
She thinks she's better than us 'cuz of her family and talent!
I-I'm not like that at all...
Hey you!
Trying to run off without saying you're really sorry?
What a jerk!
Don't let her get away with that!
Hey, say you're sorry.
Apologize nicely.
Say you're sorry!
I'm sorry...
Not good enough! Say it like you mean it!
Apologize!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I can feel... Pain's chakra coming inside...
I've avoided any vital spots and kept them shallow.
But you will no longer be able to move on your own.
Snap out of it, Lad!
No matter what he says, you must not listen!
You're the Child of Prophecy!
The savior of this world!
Jiraiya-boy and Pa sacrificed themselves because they believed that!
So you cannot lose!
If you give up now, I won't forgive you!
Noisy frog.
Bastard!
I guess I'll be taking you now...
Lady Hinata!
How cruel...
Restricting Naruto's movement with those poles.
I won't let you hurt Naruto anymore!
Reinforcements?
Why'd you come out here?!
Get away quickly! You're no match... I know.
I'm just being...selfish.
What are you talking about?!
Don't put yourself in danger like this!
I'm here because I want to be.
This time... I'm going to save you, Naruto.
I was always crying, and giving up before even trying.
I made the wrong turns so many times...
But you helped me find my way and take the correct path, Naruto.
I always chased after you.
I wanted to catch up to you.
I wanted to walk beside you all the time.
I want to be at your side, always.
You changed me, Naruto!
Your smile is what saved me!
That's why I'm not afraid to die...
if it means I can protect you!
Because...
I love you, Naruto!
What?
Hinata!
I can't get near Naruto...
I must do something!
I can't let it end like this.
If there's even the slightest chance...
Gentle Step... Twin Lion Fists!
Nagato!
Now's my chance!
One more time!
Hinata!
Cut it out.
What do you want?
Hey, he's the kid!
That one who's always getting into trouble.
The one everyone hates!
Oh, yeah... That guy.
That guy, huh?
I'm not "that guy"!
My name is Naruto Uzumaki!
I'm gonna be the Hokage one day.
Remember that!
- Hokage?! - Hokage?!
Are you crazy?
That's a bunch of baloney!
What a stupid kid!
There's no way an idiot like you can be one!
Wanna fight?
Better not regret it, guys!
What seal is he weaving?
Clone... - No way! - No way!
Jutsu!
That was terrible... Don't make us laugh!
Caught you off guard! How's that?!
I will! I'm absolutely gonna become the Hokage!
And I'll prove you wrong!
Why you... Don't take us lightly!
Lady Hinata!
Run!
Lady Hinata... Are you all right?
This boy...
Come on, Lady Hinata.
Wait... He came to my rescue...
You must not get involved with him.
Let us go.
B-But...
Hinata!
Hey!
Damn it...
Hinata!
Stop...
Don't come, Hinata.
I'm not running away!
It's impossible to change yourself.
Sure she can! Don't go deciding what a person is like!
Go, Hinata!
I always thought you were so negative, hesitant, and weird.
But I kind of like people like you.
I don't understand.
Why would someone weak like you try to resist?
Why fight me?
Knowing...that you'll die?
- I stand by what I say. - I stand by what I say.
Because that's...my Ninja Way...
It was just like this...
My parents were killed before my very eyes
by ninja from the Hidden Leaf.
Out of love, sacrifice is born...
Hate is born...
and we are able to know pain.
Yes... Know pain.
What's that?!
Do you hate me?
What the hell was that explosion?!
You must all evacuate as far away as you can!
That is Naruto's Nine-Tails power!
What?!
But a Sealing Jutsu should have been placed on Naruto!
Hinata... She was taken down right in front of Naruto.
And that triggered it...
Where's Yamato when we need him?!
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Planetary Devastation"
This is bad... This is really, really bad!
HIDDEN LEAF NINJA ACADEMY ENTRANCE CEREMONY Naruto, do you remember?
I'll never forget it.
That day...that changed me.
Thank you, Naruto.
I'm going to do my best.
I'll never give up.
You will always be...my role model.
Naru...
Man, I'm hungry...
I guess I'll go to Ichiraku.
I'm sorry...
I wasn't able to thank you back then.
Tune in again!